
## Society
Zeth is known for being one of the few countries on Magia to have a huge diverse mix of races. Coming second to Arlon, one can expect to see folks of all shapes and sizes. From humans to dwarves to even Mystia's beastfolk, the melting pot is one of the country's highlight in culture. You can expect yourself to feel at-home in Zeth as it prides itself in their code of non-discrimination. Regarding this, crime in Zeth is very minimal in everyday life for the residents of the country seem to support one another, no matter if it is trivial or much more. But not all of Zeth is like this unfortunately. Some of its smaller cities and towns seem to keep close to their community, rarely letting outsiders make home. For the time I had spent in these small towns and cities, I received many glares for my presence. 

## Geography
Zeth is mostly made of expansive grassland, with mana-rich soil to farm a wide variety of crops from all over the world. Several big forests are seen at the borders as well. Several major rivers flow across and around Zeth that allow many towns and cities to exist and reside in the country. It has a temperate climate from Rheulstine to Mephastine, and develops into a tropical climate from Solastine to Rythstine. 
The peak of temperate farming starts from the start of Ulshastine through the end of Mephastine. From there, the peak of tropical farming goes from Solastine to the end of Rythstine. A cool period of the climate then lasts from Rheulstine to Drherstine. 
The flora of the country is vast, including many flowers, fruits, and vegetables. Many of the species of flowers are used for crafting potions, medicine, or repellent. A various amount of fauna also reside in Zeth: your average farm animal, wild boars and dire wolves, and many species of insects. But it also harbors monsters as well. Due to the mana-rich soil, the density of mana is high in major parts of the country. This results in higher chances of mutation within not only the fauna but also the flora. Plant monsters, also known as Leshens, are created when ordinary plants mutate from consuming too much mana. While there are a variety of Leshens, they tend to behave similarly to one another. Their seeds can also create more Leshens without the need of high mana density. Despite their potential danger, the seeds are a good source of nutrition and are used in several recipes around the continent.

## Economics
Luckily, Zeth seems to adopt the Magian Currency of Copper, Silver, and Gold. It makes travelling between Lyrias and Zeth much less of a hassle. Most of the labor I find here consist of farm work, trade, or the military. Although this country has many forms of work, its citizens don't see earning more than 2 silver for a day of labor. The expansive plain land, along with the region's climate, allow for massive plantations to grow and create a flow of stable resources for not only itself, but neighboring countries. Trade between Lyrias and Arlon contribute just as much. With many careers built just on trade itself, folks flee to pursue what they dub the "Great Trade Parade". Although how successful one may expect in that line of work? Not even I know myself. But for a steady and reliable source of income, one may entitle themselves to work in the military. While the effort needed to acquire employment may be vigorous task, you can be at ease to know that it will always provide food at the dinner table. 

## Politics
Zeth is a City-State country, which all of its major cities govern themselves but unite under one flag. The Free City-States of Zeth, the capital of Zeth, is governed by several people of power. Not just figuratively, but literally. Most of those in power are former members of the Adventurer's Guild, Magician's Guild, or Military Guild. They are also responsible for imposing exceptional laws to protect its citizens. Like the Laws of Cultivation; farming without a permit or supervision is strictly prohibited due to the risk of Leshens, crop plots must not exceed a certain area for the same risk, etc. Those who break the Laws of Cultivation are served with severe punishment. It is wise to obey them unless you enjoy never seeing the sun again. But for the other laws, some of the punishments range from paying a fee to being conscripted into the Military Guild. Specifically, becoming a Defender by force. It may as well be a death sentence.

## Origins
The first sword hero, or title "Hero of the Sword" was a human man named Zeth. During the First Omnimachy in A680, while only but a child, Zeth received the Sword Crest. Marking him as the Hero of the Sword. In A700, the three heroes sealed away the Wicked at the cost of their lives. The seven followers of Zeth recovered his sword and made its final resting place in his birth town of what is now known as the Free City-States of Zeth. The years after the end of the First Omnimachy, his followers would traverse the continent and create cities in honor of his legacy. The country has made its focus in strength and protection to ward off and defend the continent from future evil. 






|                                                                                                                    -Excerpt from "*Marching in Magia*" by Rybak Edsall
